Episode 14
The Basis of A Loving Relationship
I too... have changed.
Let's stop.
Do you love her?
I keep thinking about her.
I miss her.
I asked if you love her?!
When I'm with her...
I'm happy.
♫  because I haven't forgotten  ♫
You're going to forget about her with time...
Like how we are now.
♫   I've already erased the painful tears  ♫
Yet, you want to go?
People...
♫   which stained my sickly face.
♫ Dear, my beautiful love,  ♫
continue living knowing that they'll die anyway.
♫ Dear, my beautiful love,♫
♫  please hold my hand ♫
How could you do this to me?
Who are you?!  Who are you?!
Who are you to do this to me?!
♫  Come back to me, like a lovely song  ♫
Who are you?! Who are you?!
Who are you, you jerk!
♫  Come back to me, like a lovely song  ♫
♫The cloudy moonlight bathes the mirror ♫
In our relationship, I thought we had that trust.
Even if I didn't make a single call...
Because I said you should wait...
♫   Time passing in a deep sleep has aged my face.  ♫
I thought you were going to wait for me.
♫   Now the dawn's dew adorns me. ♫
♫ Dear, my beautiful love, please hold my hand  ♫
Don't leave.
♫Come back to me, like a lovely song ♫
I'm sorry.
♫   I'll smile. ♫
Hello?
Are you going to answer!?
Say what you want to say.
Come home this instant.
Come here in 30 minutes.
What do you think you're doing?!
Your brother already turned out like this...
I was really worried you'd step into the wrong way.
Although he acts immature,
he's doing it on purpose.
He's not stupid, so he'd be alright soon enough.
But, what?
A love contract?
It's not enough for you to trick your own mother,
but you just waste money like it's nothing?!
Is that what people do?!
Sam Soon
The number you have dialed is not in service.
Why aren't you answering your phone?
We're only going to be watching a movie.
Why do you have to be so specific?
Do you even have someone who asks you to watch a movie together?
Show me if you have one.
Why haven't you been answering your phone? I don't know if we're going to go on a date or not now.
Sam Shik, what are you doing here?
Sam Soon is there?
I'll talk about it later.
Unni! What brings you here?
Sam Soon, are you planning on working here again?
I'll tell you later.
Ugh, this guy is impossible..
Hey, why don't you answer your phone? Making me worried about you- Where is he?
Are you looking for the President?
Did he not come in today?
He wasn't here yesterday, so I don't know if he's coming in today.
Why didn't he come to work?
I guess... he's sick.
Did you lose weight?
Mind your own business.
I only straightened my hair.
I wonder where he is...
Goodness!
You punk!
Hey! Are you not going to stay where you are?!
Hey you punk!
You think I can forgive you?!
- I'm sorry!
- You bastard!
You punk! How much did you get paid?
Get out of the way!
You SOB! How much did you get paid?
You think you could have gotten away with it?!
You punk!
How could you do that to me?!
Quickly open up you little S***T!
Are you not going to open the door?!
Open the door!
Open the door.
You better open it while I'm being nice.
Or else I'm going to pull all of your hair out!
She said she would give me a job in the kitchen at  a nice hotel.
You have no idea what kind of opportunity that was for me.
I couldn't refuse!
I'm also a victim!
Noona? Noona!
Was it that important to you to become the hotel's head chef?
Yes.
What's so great about being the hotel's head chef?
Huh?
I would look cool.
You look so modest, but you care so much about your looks.
Hey, just hurry up and open the door.
I need to use the washroom.
Hurry.
You're not going to hit me, right?
Why would I hit you?
I would've broken this door by now if I wanted to hit you. Open quickly.
That's a promise.
If I hit you, I'd be your granddaughter. Open.
Right now!
You punk!
-Hey!
How could you do that to me?! You punk!
You disloyal punk!
You coward!
How much money did you get?!
How much of it did you consume?
Are you that in love with money?
Are you?!
Bastard!
I brought porridge.
It's sesame porridge...
Who's at the door?
What's wrong with your face?
Your face is so gaunt.
Did you catch a cold?
Do you need to go to the hospital?
Hello.
Please get me your best porridge.
I'm sorry, but I don't feel like eating.
Sorry.
Do you want me to tell you a story?
Once when I was little, there was a time when I was really sick, and I couldn't eat anything.
And then one day, I saw my mom,
boiling this huge pot of water... putting rice into it.
And later I found out that it was jook (porridge).
And to this day, my mom says
that whenever you're sick, you should eat jook.
So no matter how hard it is, you should never skip
meals because it's not good for your stomach.
Okay.
Happy?
Are you okay?
Are you...
Are you going to throw up?
I'm fine...
No, it's just... my stomach's upset.
I haven't been eating all day.
You need to tell me when you don't feel well.
You shouldn't ignore it. You know I'm your doctor.
Yes, sir.
I got it.
Understood?
Wake up.
Have some porridge.
You said you haven't eaten for 2 days.
Let's at least have a couple of spoonfuls, okay?
Was it that hard?
That just makes me feel really bad.
Never mind.
Just eat.
I'm sorry.
I'll keep my mouth shut, so just eat it all.
You should have some more.
Stop sucking it in.
Tomorrow's our day off.
What should we do?
Can you go outside?
It would be good if we stayed here, too.
No, we're not doing anything in here until I lose weight.
How much weight have you lost?
- 600g.
- That's like a piece of pork.
Now you have the energy to talk?
How do I wait 2 months?
Don't you worry.
There's still plenty to do.
When this Sam Soon got a boyfriend, this is the top 7 things I want to do.
Number 7: Walk around while holding hands.
I kind of wanted to change wearing this black one all the time..
Just buy something else.
But..the heart...
Look at this.
When I lose all my weight, this would just look great on me.
How do I look?
Do you need help?
Suck in.
I did.
You did?
Wait, I can't breathe.
This outfit is poorly made.
Why couldn't they have used more fabrics... how stingy.
How can I buy anything if nothing fits me!
Let's eat some rabokki (dukkbokki with ramyun)
I'm going to die of hunger.
You're eating so well.
Number 6: Having a picture with my boyfriend for my cellphone.
Let's take a picture here.
There's people here watching.
-Why would it matter if people are here?
-You said you would take one with me.
Why take one here?
Let's take one later.
Hurry! You said we were going to take one, so what's the matter?
Fine, I'm not going to take one.
Just take one!
Just take one right now!
Fine! Okay! I'll take one!
- You will?
- Alright!
-One, two...
-Do you have to do this.
One, two, three!
Sam Soon ❤︎ Sam Shik
Number 5: Dining and drinking beer together while on a train to visit Busan.
KTX (a very speedy train in Korea) is express.
Jagalchi (a type of fish in Korea) and sea eel are a must.
What did you say?!
Say, "I love you, Kim Hee Jin" to a group of people in public.
A-Are you crazy?
I have to do this childish act?
You think this is childish compared to other childish acts you've done?
And it's unfair that we don't do what most people do.
Who said most people do it?
Only some madmen do those things..
Either way, I want to do it.
Before I get older.
It's too childish. Do it by yourself.
I'm not doing it.
Hey! That's 4th on my list!
Since we're taking the train, confess on the train.
No way. I'd probably puke all the fish out.
Since I bought this, don't eat it.
I bought the train tickets.
Earlier, fI bought the boiled eggs and cola.
You never paid back the interest.
What?
Why are you pretending like you don't know anything?
You really are a cheap panty...
Were you actually going to get that from me?
Who was the one who started it?
You should be glad that I don't ask for the interest and the principal.
- Then take it from the 100 million won.
- What?
You said you were going to pay me 100 million won.
Just take it from there.
- You think 100 million is a joke?
- You said you were going to give 100 million.
Were you not going to give me the money?
What will men do in order to win a girl's heart...?
You're harassing your Noona again, aren't you?
You always take advantage of your age!
And you're not a Noona to me anymore, okay?
You're talking nonsense again.
It's so amazing how you never get tired.
Are you going to do it or not?
Do it now.
No.
What are you going to do if I do it?
Does there always have to be a reward?
Since when is anything free?
Then shorten the two months to one month.
- That's the only thing that's going on in your mind, isn't it?
-Yeah.
Fine, one month.
People of this train!
My girlfriend's name is not Yi Soon or Lee Soon, but Sam Soon.
Kim Sam Soon.
But she wants to change her name.
Do you guys not like her name?
It's fine!
Thank you! Sam Soon and I will live well together.
See?
Everybody loves your name.
Do you really think I'd give up just like that?
We'll just see who wins.
Number 3: Getting romantic while watching a horror film.
Let's just be a little intimate.
The air conditioning is freezing here anyway.
We came to watch a movie, not for a date.
How childish...
I need to take you outside for a drink or something.
Those kids are lucky.
The scenery is nice.
What are they doing?
What do you mean?
It's a good thing.
I should be doing that too..
Will you stop giving me that stare?
Hey.
Kim Sam Soon?
Sam Soon. Sam Soon.
Kim Sam So...
Sam Shik, you!
You!
What?
Hey. What happened?
Are you two dating?
Clean up.
Are you guys dating?
Yeah.
They say late learners enjoy it all night long.
I can't believe this.
Then what about you, Unni?
What are you doing here with Manager Lee?
Are you two dating? Huh?
Dating?
We're just here to watch a movie.
Look at you...
I got bored, so I came out with him.
Then Manager Lee came out here with you because he was bored. Did you know that?
How can I be an easy girl to him for such a guy?
It's not even comparable.
Didn't you have a guilty conscience when you said that Sam Shik was a player?
Who's the player?
Was I two-timing anybody?
Leading someone's heart even though you don't share similar feelings is still considered a player.
I don't forgive those who played around like that.
Even you, Unni.
And if you don't forgive?
What are you going to do?
I'm going to expose your love life.
Fine. Go ahead.
Geez...
There are so many theaters and so many movies...
And out of all the movies, you just had to be here...
I thought you broke up with Sam Soon, so what's this all about?
Then what about you, Manager Lee?
When did this start?
When did what start?
I'm not even buying ingredients here. Do I have to ask permission to meet girls?
But you should have given me a hint earlier.
Who knew we lived under the same roof?
-What do you mean under the same roof?
- You got that right, same roof.
That was very bold by the way.
I hereby name you as my love preacher.
Number 2: Get couple rings.
Give me your hand.
It's so childish.
Just give me your hand.
No.
You've done everything else with me so far...
Just give me your hand.
I don't like that one.
Those ones are better.
Which one?
This one's okay, too.
Is this 18-karat gold?
Give me your hand.
It looks so nice.
Be gentle.
Is it not going in?
Twist it. There we go.
My hand looks so nice.
How much are they?
It won't come off.
Now...what is number one?
Drum roll.
Please anticipate!!!
What is so special about this one?
You don't even have a clue?
Nope.
I was the one that was drunk, and yet you're the one who forgets.
I told you before.
When?
What is it?
Still pretending like you don't know...
When the flowers bloom in March...
Tell me what kind of man you're looking for.
A man who's a great kisser.
You are a fox.
What else?
Also...
A man who I can lovingly, in front of my mom and sister, say,
"This is my man."
And have him lovingly tell his parents and friends...
"This is my girl," and tell them in that way.
That's why...we're going to my house together tomorrow.
What's up with that face?
It's not that...
Then what is it?
What..
Use your words.
It's just...
I'm scared of your mother.
Are you now?
You're scared of my mother?
You're so cute.
That's why we have to go.
What?
Boyfriend?
Where did you get a boyfriend?
Where else?
By my side.
Don't joke around.
Where on earth would you have gotten a boyfriend?
He couldn't have fallen from the sky.
Yes...well your daughter has some personality to get one...
Did you know about this too?
Yeah.
What is this?
What does he do?
How old?
His household?
Why don't you just ask him when he's here later?
What? How could he show up here when nothing has been prepared?
Why prepare when we can just eat whatever we have at home?
No need to worry...
This won't do.
I need to go grocery shopping.
If it's another one of those guys...
I won't accept!
What do we do?
You have to take care of everything yourself!
How to have your mother-in-law like you.
Take care of the house.
Oppa's going out.
I'll buy something delicious to eat.
You came?
Wow!
Look at how you've cleaned up!
You look so handsome!
Hey...
Am I...
shaking?
Yeah.
Don't be so nervous.
Do you think she's going to eat you?
Let's go inside.
- Wait.
- What?
What's this?
It's your mother's gift.
Let's go inside.
But...it's going to be such a nuisance to clean up after it.
Who are you to come in here?
Mom, just listen to me first.
What's there to hear?
Are you not going to leave?
Mother-in-law, please accept me.
Who's your mother-in-law?
Who?
-Are you not going to leave?!
- Mom!
- Get out! Get out you punk!
- Mother-in-law, please!
Mom! What is wrong with you?!
You have to hear me out first!
Get out!
What's that?
He said it's your present.
I felt it unsafe for women to be living by themselves..
So, please raise it.
I guess we can name it, "50 million won."
Are you joking around with me right now?
How can I do such a thing?
Gender?
Female and it's a year and a half old.
That is exactly why you can't be the one.
You try raising 3 girls without getting sick by havinga thought of another girl!
Then, shall I change her for a male?
There's no need for one whether it be male or female.
I don't like you.
How can I think about giving my daughter to you when you don't understand what the world is like?
Don't you think so?
So stop wasting your time here and leave.
Mom!
What are you going to do with our baby?
Honey, tell her.
Sam Soon...
Is that true?!
I went to the hospital yesterday...
and they said I was 8 weeks in.
Do you want me to get you an ultrasound picture?
-You no-good daughter! You bad girl!
- Mom!
Honey!
Sam Shik! Sam Shik!
Open your eyes!
How could you hit him like that, mom?!
Who gives you the right to hit my man like that?!
Wake up, you punk!
Sam Shik!
Are you alright?
It must hurt a lot, doesn't it, honey?
No. No matter what, I need to hold it in.
It would've been better if I got hurt instead.
Come here.
How could I...
So this is your room.
This room, compared to yours, is tiny, right?
I smell something.
What smell?
Your scent.
Even in your bedroom, it has your scent.
What are you doing?
That scared me.
Is it that great?
It's great.
Absolutely great.
Would it break your knuckles to knock?
Yeah, they'd break.
You better come out.
Please come out.
Honey, brace yourself.
This is not your ordinary stage.
Stage?
My brother-in-law and eldest sister made it through this stage very well.
As the father of the child, it's been a tradition to drink this.
While you drink this, you have to answer my questions.
Alright.
It's fine.
What are you doing? Let's drink.
Alright.
So, what's your name again?
It's Hyun Jin Hun, with Jin as in "being real."
Age?
-27.
-What?
That young?
Mom, dating younger people is the trend nowadays.
You just stay still.
-You've graduated from university?
-Yes.
-Drink up.
-Have you changed a lightbulb before?
-I'm sorry?
-No.
Have you done any handiwork before?
- No.
-So, I guess you've never dug a hole before either.
-Yes.
Mom.
Who on earth digs a hole nowadays when we have refridgerators to keep things cool?
Are you saying I'm not updated with the time?
Why do you keep asking these questions?
Starting from now, I'll work hard to learn. I'll change lightbulbs and start handiwork...
And when winter arrives, please call me, and I'll dig a hole for kimchi.
So, your mother owns a hotel?
- Yes.
Then why are you working at a restaurant rather than the hotel?
Because that's mother's work.
Then are you going to continue working at the restaurant?
Only temporarily.
- Temporarily?-
Then, do you plan on returning to work in the hotel?
Yes.
-What about siblings?
- I'm an only child.
I guess my Sam Soon will have to take care of your mother then.
Later on...yes...
You're mother is not exactly like other people...
-How do you know that, mom?
- You just keep your mouth shut.
By the looks of it...
The lifestyles between your household and our household are vastly different.
It's a hotel you're running and not just a simple small business.
Do you think your mother will agree to this marriage?
If you accept, then it will be easy for me to take care of the rest.
- And if I don't accept?
- Mom!
Then....
What are we going to do with our child?
-We even thought of names.
- What?
First child mountain, second child field, third child sea...
You plan on having 3 kids?
Yes. We plan on using all of our energy.
Forget it.
I only want 2.
I like having big families.
-Forget it.
- That sounds good.
I'll put my best efforts, mother-in-law.
I'm not your mother-in-law just yet.
-Drink.
- Yes.
You just get more handsome with every look.
His skin is so clear...
Just look at his eyelashes...
I thought I saw a dimple.
Where is it?
Right there.
How on earth did my Sam Soon get a man like this?
I guess you can see everything the world has when you live a long life.
Hello?
Sorry.
Did I wake you?
No, it's okay.
What's up?
Well, if it's okay with you, do you want to go watch a matinee movie with me?
What?!
Let's go.
Let's go get some fresh air.
Sorry, I keep changing my mind.
I thought I was going to suffocate.
There's no air inside.
You didn't sleep last night, did you?
What?
You stayed up all night.
Yeah, I couldn't go to sleep. So, you know,  I just tossing and turning...and then my back was aching.
Forget it, let's just eat.
I want to eat something cold.
Hee Jin!
Hee Jin, you okay?
How is it?
Does it relieve your hangover?
Yes. This the first time I've ever had such delicious bean sprout soup.
That's a relief that it's to your liking, Hun-ney.
Stop calling him Sam Shik.
What on earth is Sam Shik when he already has a nice name?
It's much nicer. Hun-ney.
What can I do with you, mom?
Can't do anything with you, Mrs. Park Bong-Sook.
Thank you.
It's fine. Just eat.
Honey, sit down.
Here.
Aw, our Hun-ney even looks attractive when he eats.
Honey, isn't that your cellphone?
Mother, I'm going to answer my phone.
Hey, Myung-Tae.
Right now?
Why?
What's the matter?
What wrong with Hee Jin?
Ask him.
I wouldn't be too worried. She had an examination recently. It shouldn't be too serious.
I think it's anorexia nervosa.
In the last three days, she hasn't had anything in her stomach except for milk.
She's been under  a lot of stress.
What?
You're Shim Sam Soon, right?
I am Sam Soon, but it's Kim rather than Shim.
What are you doing?
What do you think you're doing?!
Are you crazy?!
Can you let go?!
You jerk! Let go!
Hey! How could you go through someone else's bag?!
You crazy man!
That!
Are you not going to give it back?
Do you know how important that is?!
Give it back.
Are you not going to give it back?!
You bastard!
You crazy man!
Are you insane?!
You punk!
President: Hyun Jin-hun
Why do you have this?
I heard it's invalid if you don't register within a month? I'm going to patrol the place, so you better give up now.
That crazy bastard!
That bastard!
That punk!
That bastard has some nerve to hire a guy!
I'm not standing still anymore.
The results were the same as last time.
They're clean.
Then what's the reason?
Hee Jin neglected to eat or drink.
Why is she like this now?
She was fine before.
You were right... it's anorexia.
It's off again...
What is he up to?
You're awake?
Are you okay?
Why did you come?
You wouldn't have come to see me if I was like this?
What about Henry?
He waited for you and left just a while ago.
I'm sorry.
I thought three years were going to mean nothing to us.
Out of sight, out of mind.
I wanted to prove that wrong.
They said time was medicine...
but it became an illness for us.
Don't. You're still weak.
Just rest.
No. I want to go.
Do you know how much weight you've lost?
You weigh only 80% of your normal weight.
You'll be in critical condition if you get worse.
It's not like being here if going to help either.
I'm like a leading actress in a movie, aren't I?
Then... stay at my house.
What are you looking at?
Here.
Eat this.
Hey, "50 Million Won".
My household isn't rich, okay?
So, just eat the leftovers, okay?
That's right.
Why are you so picky? That's meat right there.
Where and what do you think your owner is doing right now?
You little punk. Your owner's asking you a question, and you're not even answering...
You are thick-skinned.
But you're good-looking... just like your owner.
His phone is still off... I have had no contact with him because his phone's been off all day.
I wonder if anything happened...
He didn't go to work either...
I wonder what that phone call was about...
No. Just drop me off at my house.
It's because you're home alone all the time.
Is this for your own comfort?
That's right.
Think of it that way.
Jin Hun...
This is no longer your business to worry.
I don't want this kind of pity from you.
Just rest at my place for tonight.
I'll drop you off at Henry's tomorrow.
Kim Sam Soon will hate this if she finds out.
She'll understand.
Jin Hun...
I can never forget you.
You're hardened like a fossil, a place in a part of my heart.
She'll even understand that.
Hun...
Honey!
Honey, are you not at home?
Sam Shik!
Are you home?